docs: mention `id` field in `1-abstract-dto.rst` (#3803)
litestar-org/litestar: docs/usage/dto/1-abstract-dto.rst

    :emphasize-lines: 6,14,15
    :linenos:

> Note that ``id`` field is handled specially, since it is a primary key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that ``id`` field is the primary key and is handled specially by the defined SQLAlchemy base.
```
